- We could join dataset1 and dataset2 to find a relationship between Yelp average ratings and the average of stock
open prices. The query is expected to produce a descending order of Yelp average ratings of the businesses 
listed in the S&P 500 and their according average open stock prices (monthly). The SQL operations the query will use are 
INNER JOIN, AVG, GROUP BY, and DESC. A ParDo transform is required on dataset1 to remove all the quotation marks used for 
business names. Another transform is required on dataset2 to add another column, or change, the stock's ticker names 
into business names. A GroupByKey may be required for dataset2 to group the businesses as keys and the financial
information as values.

- We could join dataset1 and dataset2 to find a relationship between the popularity of businesses and the total number 
of shares traded. The query is expected to produce a descending order of review counts on Yelp of the businesses listed
in the S&P 500 and their according total number of shares traded (monthly). The SQL operations the query will use are 
INNER JOIN, SUM, GROUP BY, and DESC. A ParDo transform is required on dataset1 to remove all the quotation marks used 
for business names. Another transform is required on dataset2 to add another column, or change, the stock's ticker names 
into business names. A GroupByKey may be required for dataset2 to group the businesses as keys and the financial
information as values.

- We could join dataset1 and dataset2 to find a relationship between Yelp average ratings and the stability in stock
prices. The query is expected to produce a descending order of Yelp average ratings of the businesses in the S&P 500
and their according average difference between the highest and lowest stock prices. The SQL operations the query will
use are INNER JOIN, AVG, SUM, subtraction, GROUP BY, and DESC. A ParDo transform is required on dataset1 to remove 
all the quotation marks used for business names. Another transform is required on dataset2 to add another column, 
or change, the stock's ticker names into business names. A GroupByKey may be required for dataset2 to group the 
businesses as keys and the financial information as values.

- We could join dataset1 and dataset2 to find the top 5 states consisting businesses with the highest stock prices.
The query is expected to produce the states and their according maximum of average stock open prices. The SQL
operations the query will use are INNER JOIN, MAX, AVG, GROUP BY, and DESC. A ParDo transform is required on dataset1 
to remove all the quotation marks used for business names. Another transform is required on dataset2 to add another 
column, or change, the stock's ticker names into business names. A GroupByKey may be required for dataset2 to group 
the businesses as keys and the financial information as values.

- We could join the SP_500 table with the Yelp_Business Table and the Yelp_Review Table for those rows with starbucks 
as the business name in order to see if there is a correlation between the percentage change in stock price and the 
percentage change in the average rating for that business over a day. A ParDo transform is required on dataset1 in 
order to add the ticker symbol as a column for the Yelp_Business table. Another transform is required on dataset2 to 
add another column, or change, the stock's ticker names into business names. A GroupByKey may be required for dataset2 
to group the businesses as keys and the financial information as values.


- We could join the SP_500 table with the Yelp_Business Table and the Yelp_Review Table for those rows with Mcdonald's 
as the business name in order to see if there is a correlation between the percentage change in stock price and the 
percentage change in the average rating for MCdonald's over a period of a month/year. A ParDo transform is required on
dataset1 in order to add the ticker symbol as a column for the Yelp_Business table. Another transform is required on 
dataset2 to add another column, or change, the stock's ticker names into business names. A GroupByKey may be required 
for dataset2 to group the businesses as keys and the financial information as values.
