Dataset 1:
#describe the data
Our main dataset contains subsets of Yelp's businesses, reviews, and user data. The dataset provides access
to information about business across 11 metropolitan areas in four countries. The dataset includes business
IDs, addresses, review counts, user IDs, star rankings, compliments, and more. The source of our files is 
kaggle and this dataset was put together for the Yelp Dataset Challenge. In this dataset, there are a 
total of 5,200,000 user reviews and information on 174,000 businesses. The data file 'Business' consists 
of 13 fields and 174,567 rows, the data file 'Review' consists of 9 fields and 5,261,668 rows, and the data 
file 'User' consists of 22 fields and 1,326,100 rows.

#interesting attributes and relationships in the data
Interesting attributes: review_count, yelping_since, average_stars
Relationship: Reviews are written by users who have consumed services from the businesses. Also, there are
multiple attributes linking to each other so that we could see trends across the three files.

#insights we hope to gain from analyzing the data
- how influential users are depending on how long they have been 'yelping' for
- if the number of 'yelp friends' affects the number of fans
- which industries had the highest average ratings
- relationship between the average stars of users and types of compliments

#download link to the dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/yelp-dataset/yelp-dataset


Dataset2:
#describe the data
Our second dataset contains historical stock prices and financial information (last 5 years from 2013 - 2018) 
for all companies currently influded in the S&P 500 index. The dataset includes a list of all the stocks and
the associated important financials such as the stock's ticker name, date, open price, highest price, lowest
price, close price, and the number of shares traded. The source of our file is kaggle and this data was put 
together using The Investor's Exchange api. In this dataset, financial information of a total of 505 unique 
companies are present. The data file 'all_stocks_5yr' consists of 7 fields and 470,064 rows.

#interesting attributes and relationships in the data
Interesting attributes: high, low, open, close
Relationship: We would be able to see how the stock prices relate to the ratings on Yelp. Also, there are
multiple attributes linking the first and second datasets so that we could see trends.

#insights we hope to gain from analyzing the data
- how do stock prices depend on how many reviews or how much ratings businesses have on Yelp
- how do the number of shares traded relate to how popular businesses are
- how does the stability (difference between highest and lowest prices) relate to the ratings on Yelp

#download link to the dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/camnugent/sandp500#all_stocks_5yr.csv
